OpenSLP Test Suite
------------------

This test suite will exercise the OpenSLP API under several different test
conditions.  There are two parts to the test suite: 1) Static Tests and 2)
Dynamic Tests.  Static tests require a specific slp.reg file which is provided.
The static tests attempt to locate the services specified in the static
registration file. If all expected services are found, the test will pass.
Dynamic tests register services during the test, then attempt to locate
and de-register the services.

Installation and Setup
----------------------

To build the test suite, you must edit the SETUP.mk file. Change the SLPROOT 
variable to indicate the absolute path to the OpenSLP source tree. 

Type 'make' from the distribution root to build all of the binaries.

To set up a test environment, copy the slp.reg and slp.conf files to /etc. 
Make sure to back up the existing files.  The tests can be run as a DA, SA, or
UA. 

DA Mode :
	Set net.slp.isDA=true  in /etc/slp.conf
	Start slpd.
	Type 'make test' from the distribution root.

SA Mode :
	Set net.slp.isDA=false in /etc/slp.conf
	Start slpd.
	Type 'make test' from the distribution root.

UA Mode :
	Start a slpd as a DA (see above) on another machine in the local network
	using the supplied slp.reg and slp.conf files.
	Type 'make test' from the distribution root.


Details for Static Tests
------------------------

The static test suite is made up of the following binaries:

slp_findsrvtypes
slp_findsrvs
slp_findattrs

These tests may be run as a DA or SA.  They may be run as a UA as long as the 
static registration file has been loaded by an SA, or DA elsewhere on the 
network.

All tests should pass. If a test fails there is a bug somewhere that needs to 
be fixed.


Details for Dynamic Tests
-------------------------

The dynamic test suite is make up of the following binaries:

slp_reg
slp_dereg 

Be sure that all static tests have passed before running the dynamic tests 
since it will be easier to find bugs. slp_reg registers some hard-coded 
services, then tries to locate those services in various ways.  slp_dereg 
attempts to de-register the services.  These tests may be run as a DA, SA, or
UA.

All tests should pass. If a test fails there is a bug somewhere that needs to 
be fixed.
